# TEI Blog Post 

## Introduce the topic project/what I'm doing 

I was assigned the preface for “Dracula’s Guest” by Bram Stoker. “Dracula’s Guest” is a short story about an Englishman who goes on a journey on what happens to be Walpurgis Night and ends up having an encounter with Dracula. (explain more about story and project)

## Explain the Process 

For this project, our main goal was to code our section of the story using TEI, which stands for Text Encoding Initiative. We had to use the program, Oxygen which allowed us to code in XML. 
-	Detailed / specifics 
-	Step-by-step of what I did 
-	Include tags 

## My Experience 

As a first time Oxygen and XML user, it all seemed very intimidating to understand at first. I wasn’t sure if I was going to be able to learn everything in such quick manner, especially because coding is like a completely new language to me. I have coded in the past, but with HTML which was easy to figure out after some practice. I was hoping that it would be the same with XML, but it took me a while to fully feel comfortable with it in a new program I have never seen or heard of before. While it was all new to me, it was very cool to have first-hand experience of my own and learn the basics of coding. I feel very lucky and fortunate to have access to the tools to even practice with coding because not a lot of people have the opportunity to be a part of what will eventually become an even bigger part of our future. Although it is not something I am yet 100% familiar and confident with, I do think it is a special skill to have which is why I want to expand my knowledge on it.

## Conclusion/Overall Takeaway 
