# Reflection

When I was first introduced to Digital Humanities at the beginning of the semester, I didn’t have much initial knowledge on the subject.  As someone who is taking on this new field of study as my minor, it was vital for me to get a grasp on what it entails. Although it felt risky for me to jump into something I had no familiarity with, it has easily become one of the most beneficial courses for me and I am glad I made the decision to embark on something that will become more present in society.  

During one of the first fews classes, we were asked to define what we thought DH meant. I feel like I can speak for the majority of the class and say this wasn’t an easy task to do, especially since most of us were going into this unknown. Flash forward to the last week of class, we were asked to do the exact same activity. I defined it as “the practice of approaching humanities in a digital, yet more visual and interactive way that allows people to expand on their knowledge with creativity and experience culture and society in a new form with new technologies”.

What I love the most about DH and this activity was that there was no right or wrong answer. Everyone has their own perspective and idea of what DH is that can be curated through personal experiences, but it’s so interesting to see that even if they are different, there are still similar components to each. 

Throughout the course we looked at a number of readings and participated in a variety of class activities that helped us to build a better understanding of the key elements that make up DH. I liked these supplements because they could be applied to anything else beyond the course and I appreciated how useful they could be in the real world. 

One of my favorite readings that we looked at was titled, “Shitty First Drafts” and it provided me with a sense of comfort knowing I don’t have to put together a quality first draft to begin with. The article encourages writers to write multiple drafts to create room for improvement which also gives you the opportunity to expand on previous ideas. A weight was lifted off my shoulders after realizing I don’t have to put so much pressure on myself starting off. The article was a good reminder that first drafts are meant to be “shitty” and there should be no expectations when expressing yourself through writing. 

This class took away from the standard style of learning that I am typically used to in my other classes. We strayed away from regular discussion posts and made Twitter our way of sharing what we learned and allowed us to discuss amongst our peers our takeaways from class. I liked having the freedom to tweet without any guidelines because it became a way for me to express my opinions on things we looked at in the course. We also used GitHub to post blogs which I found really fun to explore and learn. I thought it was more engaging for us as students to play around with in comparison to an old fashioned way of doing so. 

Besides our blog posts, our final assignment was to propose a grant idea that we heavily focused on for the rest of the semester. It was a great way to finish off because we concentrated on things we were passionate about which made it more enjoyable. Although I found a lot of the assignments to be tedious, I didn’t mind the process since it was more of a creative outlet for us. 

These assignments shaped me as a writer by allowing me to branch out and write on different topics for different audiences. They taught me that it is important to be flexible with your writing style and a well-written grant doesn’t mean anything unless it's executed in a persuasive and compelling way. I especially enjoyed looking at different DH projects to get a better grasp for what’s considered DH and what’s not. 

As a writer, reader, and digital humanities student, I felt I have grown a lot because of how much insight I have gained during the semester. I have more confidence in providing a definition for DH now that I had exposure to the practice and acquired the skills that make a good digital humanities scholar. I am very grateful for the experience this class has given me and I hope to take what I learned and use it in any future endeavors. 
